README.md, before:

<p align="center"><a href="https://laravel.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/laravel/art/master/logo-lockup/5%20SVG/2%20CMYK/1%20Full%20Color/laravel-logolockup-cmyk-red.svg" width="200"></a></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/laravel/framework" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/laravel/framework" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/laravel/framework" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## Survey Service

Survey-service is a service to manage surveys in Kermany.com architecture

    - this service has api to commiuncate with other microserice
    - every app can get token and interact with this service

## Installation

    - clone this repo
    - create .env file by clone .env.example
    - create db and update .env
    - run ```php artisan migrate```
    - run ```php artisan key:generate```
    - run ```php artisan serve```

## How to test

    - open /api/docs 
    - import postman link then import it
    - run and test apis

## License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Implement ClientApp.php Campaign.php Package.php Survey.php migration seeder factory and test them all

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><a href="https://laravel.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/laravel/art/master/logo-lockup/5%20SVG/2%20CMYK/1%20Full%20Color/laravel-logolockup-cmyk-red.svg" width="200"></a></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/laravel/framework" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/laravel/framework" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/laravel/framework" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## Survey Service

Survey-service is a service to manage surveys in Kermany.com architecture

    - this service has api to commiuncate with other microserice
    - every app can get token and interact with this service

## Installation

    - clone this repo
    - create .env file by clone .env.example
    - create db and update .env
    - run ```php artisan migrate```
    - run ```php artisan key:generate```
    - run ```php artisan serve```

## for test in locahost ENV
    
    - ```php artisan migrate:refresh --seed```


## How to test

    - open /api/docs 
    - import postman link then import it
    - run and test apis

## License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
